it was almost 2 years ago that we shot a
video about a stunning Asus laptop
display it used glasses-free 3D
technology that was so Cutting Edge that
isus had to custom build it into older
machines so that we could see it without
them revealing the other Hardware that
powered it but you never saw that video
long story short Nvidia decided that you
guys wouldn't be able to tell the
difference between gameplay even
gameplay footage and benchmarks of an
unreleased G GPU a GPU we weren't even
using so yada yada yada video dead but
I'm still excited about Glasses free 3D
technology so we're finally taking a
look at something very similar but from
Acer this time spatial Labs view
technology is just about everything we
ever dreamed that a giant 3DS display
could be we did find some let's call
them interesting decisions that we need
to talk about later but the effect is
just straight up awesome awesome I mean
look at the way this segue pops
out to our sponsor seic their Prime TX
1000 wat power supply is a fantastic
choice for your next upgrade or build
its hybrid fan control helps reduce
noise without temperature spikes and it
even comes with a 12-year warranty learn
more using our Link in the video
description
[Music]
wow yo that's so sick is that cool or
what uh oh god wow it really makes you
want to throw up when it's getting it
stuff together uh that's actually the
first line after the intro that I was
about to read but it looks great once it
kicks in the effect is shocking and we
didn't script this Jake just wandered on
set and was like oh I'm going to try a
thing cuz I'm a magpie yeah it's pretty
cool
right while the pair of 27in displays
that we're looking at day have only been
available for a few months the
fundamentals behind this and older
glasses 3E 3D is pretty similar first
thing you need to do is sacrifice half
of your resolution to produce the 3d
effect though when you're starting with
a 4K display the result is a lot
prettier than it would have been on your
old Nintendo handheld also unlike the
3DS which used a parallax barrier
technique and then later added camera-
based ey tracking to improve the 3d
effect on the new 3DS these spatial Labs
displays utilize a lenticular layer over
the screen you could think of it kind of
like an array of cylindrical lenses that
are all standing up in front of the
screen that combined with camera based
eye tracking lets the monitor adjust
what each eye sees to give the best
possible results and I can even move
around as fast as this without breaking
the 3d effect oh oh oh starting to
glitch a little bit there that's fine
and it handles even pretty extreme
angles yeah there it cut out still
pretty darn good oh I just realized we
haven't told you what these are we're
using the Predator PSV 27-2 gaming
Monitor and then over on the other side
is its twin brother who went to business
school the ASV 272p Pro 27 between them
I'm just going to rip this bandaid off
you're looking at about $5,000 Freedom
dollars which for those of you counting
at home was buy you an RTX 490 gaming PC
a valve index VR kit and an iPhone 16
Pro and making matters worse unlike the
demo I Saw 2 years ago these are LCD
displays rather than OLED meaning that
especially in fast-moving scenes you're
going to get a significant amount of
cross talk but let's say you're still
interested which one should you be
looking at to answer that we could look
at the spec sheets except they're
basically the same we could tear them
apart with the Precision screwdriver kit
from LTD store.com accept their looners
and in fact even the warranty is the
same so it turns out that most of the
Thousand difference is in the
accessories the software and the gamery
paint job wow despite their similarities
though their capabilities are quite
different here let me show you I'm going
to load up the spatial Labs experience
Center that comes with The Predator
version of the monitor we've got a model
viewer a video player their true game
which we'll be taking a closer look at
in a minute and also spatial lab go
which allows you to view full screen 2D
and side by-side stereo content in 3D
spoiler alert that's going to save the
day in a little while first let's try
out the model viewer hard of the eyes
God damn this is out to here for me
which seems like a pretty average size
and then in terms of depth like I'd say
it feels like it's about back to here
through the back of the
Monitor and it's kicked back into 3D now
there's a menu right Jordan where you
can adjust the depth yep oo here we go
Crank It Up okay max depth 50 not to
50 oh well with the size of our model it
just doesn't really need any more depth
but potentially I could oh I could zoom
oh buddy that is hilarious okay it looks
like it's right here it looks like I'm
touching the end cap of this screwdriver
right
here oh that is brain breaking when it
touches the edge of the frame though and
completely breaks the effect also
there's a bit of a vignette effect in
this software so that just oh that
really messes with my eyes I'm going to
have such a headache when we're done
this video I'm like I'm too close to
focus on the object that's being spot
out at me that is sick it looks like
it's coming a solid 18 in out of the
frame there's no way you'd want to
operate it like this dayto day though
I'm telling Jordan about this but he
can't actually experience it because it
uses cameras for ey tracking well it can
only track one pair of eyes at a time
right so if you were you know looking at
this with your design lead or something
like that you'd basically have to have
them come over and then I'd go okay okay
you
look it doesn't look very 3D right now
you done looking at it yep is it not
working I left you left no no come come
see how long the changeover is I want to
see how long the change over
is okay that's 3D 3D okay my turn okay
oh yeah there we go not bad check out
the player
next does this come up every single time
every time UAC doesn't every time but
the uh explanation does okay brilliant
uh okay what should we do with this one
load up a video okay browse or pick one
of the two at the bottom there actually
yeah sure as far as the actual stereo
separation goes and cleanness of the
image
goes this is great like it's not good
it's great I don't know that I would
trade this for HDR cuz these are not HDR
capable displays but it's fun I gu get a
little bit of the 3d effect if I'm like
right behind you no way get as close as
you can get as close as you can I lost
it now damn hang on hold on what if
you're right above me like does it align
vertically like if I'm down down here oh
yeah that's pretty good really oh I lost
it no no it's gone oh I got it 3D okay
yeah we yeah I've got it too no wa okay
so we can watch together as long as
we're like this i' be in your
hair enough of this let's talk about
true game effectively this is a wrapper
around your other game launchers steam
epic GG Xbox Live and it automatically
applies a custom 3D profile when you use
it to launch supported games at the time
of filming that's just over 150 games in
at least one of its two different 3D
modes that boil down to that totally
looks 3D and that kind of looks like a
pop-up book by the way did you catch the
glaring issue with that last
sentence 150 games now Acer says they're
always adding more but they are reliant
on game developers approaching them to
collaborate with them to create that
custom 3D profile which as you guys can
probably
imagine doesn't happen that much with
that said there's some really solid
games on here Lego Star Wars let's go
dude Star Wars scrolling text is going
to be sick oh God that's awful when it's
when it's cut off by the frame Oh Oh
that's oh okay yeah we can skip
this man there is a really nasty Shadow
on some stuff and some of the
reflections from the floor seem just
completely wrong it is safe to say from
my experience in this game that the fact
that it's supported by true game is no
guarantee that it's going to be a
quality 3D experience because I can see
ghosts on both sides of objects and
there are situations where there
reflection in the shiny floor I don't
know how to describe it other than that
it's weird oh okay I figured it out when
you
jump your upside down
reflection comes out of where your
character model is so it's above the
floor oh that is weird did you notice
that yeah I don't know if that happens
in this game in 2D but if it does that's
terrible let's try another game all
right trying too that seems like a prime
candidate trying was a big 3D Vision
game back in the
day the 3D worked quite well in it oh
yeah the 3D looks freaking awesome in
this game and what's interesting is I'm
not getting any of that weird cross talk
I think that may have just been down to
that previous game like you're still
going to get a little bit of motion blur
compared to if you had an OLED but the
cross talk seems like it was just an
issue with that last game and the way
that it was handling something I wish
you guys were experiencing this with me
like this is the kind of thing a friend
comes over and you show them your like
cool monitor that can switch into 3D
mode and they're like no way and then
you tell them how much you spent on it
and they're like no
way the eye fatigue is way less in this
game way less this is so cool it brings
me back to the first time that I saw
World of Warcraft in 3D Vision like it
blew my mind but something I don't miss
about that era was The Limited game
compatibility fortunately Acer has a
solution and it's spatial Labs go which
is an alternate mode to get unsupported
games working this works in any app or
even game that supports side by-side
stereo rendering on its own and on r/
stereo 3D gaming we learned that you can
even inject alternate shaders into some
games that don't support it like super
depth 3D and get it freaking working
that really expands the library of games
so why don't we try risk of rain too
here I can already tell there's one
weird thing about it the menu is just
behind the screen for no apparent reason
and that unpleasant doubling of
everything effect is oh well it was a
thing in the menu this seems totally
okay
it's not the strongest stereo effect but
it definitely adds an element of depth
to it like I can really feel the ground
coming out toward me even if I have no
front projection right all I really have
is depth into the screen tearing looks
absolutely nasty in Stereo 3D and that
was always the case it is one of the few
situations where I would argue that
pretty much everybody should be using
vsync this is kind of awesome not going
to lie like I there's no way I'd spend
two grand on it but if I had it in front
of me I'd be like oh I enjoying playing
this game right now I would like to
continue playing this game you know what
I'm saying there are problems that come
with using custom shaders though oh I
know not all games are going to support
it antiche does not like it yeah that
makes sense as cool as it is to play
like this though I have to wonder if the
money would be better spent on a VR
headset let's not think about that for
now though first let's take a look at
the pro display starting with the
physical differences on top of the
beefier Bas the bundle includes a Mini
PC Mount and this very nice shroud that
really is very nice like it attaches
magnetically it's got this nice little
velvet in here that not only helps with
glare but also made a significant
difference to the effectiveness of the
various sensors on the top bezel
especially in a bright environment but
the big difference is not in the
hardware it's in the software what can
we do thanks to that extra
,000 well for starters as you can see we
can not play games with true game full
disclosure here guys we actually got the
pro display first because we figured
well of course the pro version will do
everything that the consumer version
will do and more but the software
detects which display you've got and
insists on only installing the correct
version before it will let you see a
single Pixel in 3
voxel we were confused so we reached out
to Acer who confirmed that true game is
strictly consumer facing I think it's
Acer who's confused because only the pro
model supports spatial Labs experience
Center Pro giving access to things like
developer support plugins for Unity
unreal you know game engines plus Acer's
own open XR and steam VR Bridge packages
but as useful as this might seem for
game development no
Acer intends this version for only big
important tasks like Medical Imaging
education GIS showroom displays pretty
much anything but childish video games
the good news is you can still hack it
with spatial Labs go it's just that your
mileage may vary thanks to its
unofficial support so let's give it a
shot shall we uh how do I spatial Labs
go it alt G alt G alt g b oh God yeah
yeah you don't want to you don't want to
see that you don't want to see that
give it a second to kick in don't no I
want things to happen now I guess the
your REM me very part launch app it's
there yeah I see
it well I don't know it works sometimes
basically yeah we had this working
before it's basically the same display
other than an arbitrary function lock
thanks to manufacturer boneheaded so
bottom line overall this is still a
category of products that I would be
excited to see make a comeback but it's
one that I am starting to lose hope for
in the face of competition from VR
headsets usability price and convenience
all need to take some major steps
forward none of which seem to have
happened in the last 2 years but hey at
least trying to looks great so great
that it makes me want to keep rooting
for this technology the way that I root
for our sponsor delete me your personal
information might be sold online without
you even knowing it but not all heroes
wear capes delete me is here to protect
your data by combing through online
databases for your information and
requesting its removal your phone number
being sent to call stations around the
world deleted your email given to
scammers and hackers deleted and it's
not just your back they have delete me
is now offering seamless protection for
your entire family with their family
plans each member gets their own data
sheet and you can manage all their
profiles from one Central dashboard so
go to join delet me.com lt20 and use the
code lt20 at checkout for 20% off the
plan that best fits you if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out oh
that wild VR treadmill that we tried
recently that was quite a sweaty
experience